Enterprise Nav: `AppHeader` web docs (#2239)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/app-header/partials/code/component-api.md

    A named block where the global actions will be rendered. Typically, a “context switcher” (e.g., “org switcher” or “project switcher”) control should be added here.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="<:utilityActions>" @type="named block">
    A named block where the utility actions will be rendered. Typically, `Dropdown` or `Button` components should be added here, such as a help menu, user menu, or search button.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="breakpoint" @type="string" @default="1088px">
    Set a custom breakpoint to control the page width at which the UI switches from displaying the mobile/small view vs. the desktop/view.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="...attributes">
    This component supports use of [`...attributes`](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/patterns-for-components/#toc_attribute-ordering).
  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### AppHeader::HomeLink

The `AppHeader::HomeLink` component uses the generic `Hds::Interactive` component. For more details about this utility component, please refer to [its documentation page](/utilities/interactive).

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="icon" @type="string">

>     Used to show an icon. Any [icon](/icons/library) name is accepted. Typically you would add the icon name for your product.

Reviewer: There is specific guidance about the logo to use, should we link to it?
```suggestion
    Used to show an icon. Any [icon](/icons/library) name is accepted. [See guidance on which icon to use depending on the product](/components/app-header#home-link).
```

  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="color" @type="string">

>     Used to specify an optional custom color provided as any valid CSS color. For more details on acceptable values, see the [FlightIcon color argument](/icons/usage-guidelines?tab=code#fill). If unspecified, it will use the AppHeaders’s default white text color.

Reviewer: Be mindful that once https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/pull/2221 will land in main (very soon) this link will be broken.

/cc @zamoore for visibility

Author: Let me add a comment to help us not forget...

Author: Added. Leaving unresolved since the comment doesn't actually fix anything...

>     Used to specify an optional custom color provided as any valid CSS color. For more details on acceptable values, see the [FlightIcon color argument](/icons/usage-guidelines?tab=code#fill). If unspecified, it will use the AppHeaders’s default white text color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Used to specify an optional custom color provided as any valid CSS color. For more details on acceptable values, see the [FlightIcon color argument](/icons/usage-guidelines?tab=code#fill). If unspecified, it will use the App Headers’s default white text color.
```
or 
```suggestion
    Used to specify an optional custom color provided as any valid CSS color. For more details on acceptable values, see the [FlightIcon color argument](/icons/usage-guidelines?tab=code#fill). If unspecified, it will use the `AppHeaders`’s default white text color.
```
